!!!		The user assumes full responsibility for possible damages caused by the running
		of these files.
		The author makes no guarantees of this working correctly, and
		recommends the backing up all of your files before playing the map. 
		The author can in no way be held responsible for damages, real or imaginary.
		And dont read further if you have weak nerves since I cant be held responsible for
		any damages in your brains or in your pride.

smileys are good :-)


Aq2map this is:

Title		: teh box just cool B>
Filename	: coolbox.zip
Date		: 2004-12-07
Author		: aleksi/kannibla
Author Email	: aleksi@hellokitty.com
Home page	: http://whatever.0wns.org/

Map Description	: fast bullshit
How Many Players: 0-27
New Textures	: Yes
New Sounds	: No

Editor(s) used	: Worldcraft 1.6
Compile Machine	: 1,3Ghz, 512Mb RAM, Geforce2
Playtest time	: 12 seconds
Build Time	: few hours
Other programs	: compiling tools, Wally

The map for n99's map making competition 2004. First I had other map in my mind, but turned out I didnt have enough
time ot make it finished and polished, and I really wanted to make it that way since I didnt want to be one of those
mappers who release a boxes da urban map first. I already made tropico (the amazing cubistic land of cheese for rats). :-P
I almost didnt make anything (since shitload [and I really mean it]
of schoolwork because Ill have to pass my school this year). But thanks to imeiz (he is the one to blame)
I made atleast something and I hope some people will atleast enjoy this piece of work. And it turned out to be
quite funny and original in my opinion.
and Ill hope that even indey will have fps. :)

ps. remember to use the water and watch out for the windows and fences.

thanks to:
rock'n'roll
makers of textures (hello suco!)
george orwell
imeiz (read above)
qalaxy and emu for being emo
n99 for his great work for aq2scene
eero, marko, juha and others @ clan.w/ for dissing me
aka, poop, as0k, zool, janzzon, kribba, devvan and alla andra svenska pojkarna som jag har hade mycket bra tid med lära svenska med. 
tack för det för det jag kan tala min svenska så bra. hyhy
all the quakers for keeping the scene alive! 
love and peace!

R.I.P. Clown